hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video and today we're going
to be reacting to my grades for my first
semester as an exchange student at the
university of regensburg in germany
now unfortunately this isn't a live
reaction because i already got some of
my grades before i got my transcript
but i now finally have a full list of
all my grades so
let's take a look
for anyone who doesn't know german law
school is great you on a scale from 0 to
18 with 18 being the best and anything
below 4 being a fail
and technically i just need to pass
because i will not be getting any credit
for the courses that i did at
rigginsburg when i go back to cambridge
and these grades will not be counting
towards my degree
but obviously i am aiming for more than
just passing but technically that would
be enough i will also tell you guys the
ects credits that i got for each course
ects credits are a way of telling you
how many hours you are meant to spend on
the course throughout the semester
and usually one ects credit equals about
30 hours of work across the semester
just in case anyone's interested in how
many ects credits these courses are
worth
and as an exchange student i have to do
a total of 30 ects credits per semester
in order for this to count
like as a full semester so yeah let's
take a look at my transcript
first up we have einfield i'm going to
start your effort
which translates to introduction to
german public law for exchange students
and this was a really great course it
was worth 4 ects credits
and the course instructor did a really
good job of giving an overview of how
german public law works
and i just found the course really
useful and quite interesting
especially because i had kind of no idea
of how you know german public law works
like what are like the basic things to
know
and i think the course was just a really
good overview and i ended up getting 18
points in it which i'm really happy with
next up we have let's philosophy
so basically jurisprudence this course
was also taught in german and i actually
did jurisprudence at cambridge and the
year before
but at cambridge we did different
philosophers and so this was a really
great course for you know looking at
different perspectives on legal
philosophy
and i quite enjoyed it because it was
also discussion based and not just
uploaded lectures
so you got to interact a little bit with
the other people in the course
and the only thing that's making me a
little bit sad about the course is that
there was an issue with finding my grade
because for some reason
the transcript office didn't have my
grade and
so when i emailed them like oh can i get
my transcript they were like
actually we're missing a grade um did
you even hand them the exam for this
course and i was like
yes i did and then i just started to
panic and i was really scared that i
would end up getting a fail on my
transcript because my grade went missing
luckily in the end they found it but for
a week i was just like panicking and you
know
hoping that they're gonna find it but
now i do have a grade in the course the
courses were five ecgs credits and i
ended up getting 10 points
now i'm not sad about the 10 points um
10 points is perfectly fine
but i was hoping for a little bit more
um because i did work really really hard
for this so i was kind of aiming for
like 14 points so
yeah 10 is okay it's not a bad score
at all um i just put in a lot of work
and i was hoping for a little bit more
but at least i have a grade in the
course next up we have introduction to
international criminal law and procedure
this course was told in english and it
largely focused on the international
criminal court but we also looked at
the history of international criminal
law and other international criminal
tribunals
and it was just a really great course i
think the topic was super interesting
and it was worth eight ects credits and
the exam
consisted 50 of a presentation that you
had to do with a partner
and then also a written exam and i ended
up getting 18 points in the course which
i'm very very happy with
and like i said it was a really really
great course next up we have a course
which i believe you have to take if
you're in your first semester of law at
the university of rogan's book in a
winter semester
it's called starts by contrast which
translates to public law to
fundamental rights and um even though
it's called public law two
you don't need to have taken the other
public law course in order to do this
one
they are two separate units and um you
do have to do a so-called commission
even for this now a conversation is
basically like a seminar
and in that you go over the technique
that you need to use in order to solve
the problem questions that you get in
the exam
the courses were eight ects credits and
you don't get any credits for the
conversations
and honestly i don't think i put in the
work that i should have put in for this
course um
and the reason for that is that i made a
deal with myself that i'm gonna do the
bare minimum for this course
and i'm just gonna aim to pass because i
didn't enjoy it
and that wasn't the fault of the
instructor the teaching in the course
was really good the lectures were very
well structured and just super organized
and the conversation was also really
well done
but i just ended up realizing that i'm
not vibing with this legal area and it's
perfectly fine like some people are more
interested in private law some more in
public law
some more in criminal law and i just
ended up realizing that while i thought
that i would really love
studying this legal area i didn't really
enjoy it and
so i ended up getting six points in it
but like i said i was aiming to pass
and i did that next up we have my
favorite course from the entire semester
which is called law of international
relations
it was taught in english and it was an
online course so basically
you clicked your way through it there
were little quizzes along the way and it
was just a lot of fun to do it
in my opinion like i really enjoyed that
you could do it on your own time
and that you had these little control
questions to see whether you actually
understood what was going on
and um there was also always a session
where we all came together and we could
talk to the professor
and overall it was just a really nice
course and i had a lot of fun doing the
course
and i did international law at cambridge
as well but this course covered
different topics
so it was a really nice way of you know
getting some extra knowledge in
international law
and the course was worth six ects
credits and i ended up getting seventeen
points in it
which i'm very happy with and lastly we
have i'm feeling
private which translates to introduction
to german private law for exchange
students
and this course was taught by the same
instructor as the german public law
course for exchange students
and it was a really great course as well
what i love most about it is that when
we did little problem questions
i started to realize that i know how i
would solve this with english law
and then i saw how german law would
solve it and it was just really
interesting to see how different legal
systems
you know approach these problems and
solve them and i just really enjoyed you
know being able to compare that i think
that was a lot of fun
i ended up getting 17 points for this
course which is worth 4 ects credits
so overall i have 35 ecgs credits for
the semester
and honestly i'm quite happy with the
grades that i got obviously
my public law to fundamental rates grade
isn't amazing but like i said
i just aimed to pass that course and
decided to focus my time on all the
other classes that i really liked
and so i am okay with that i did pass it
and that was my aim for that class
so yeah that means the winter semester
is complete
and now it's time for the summer
semester so i will see you guys with a
new exchange student vlog next week
i will still be vlogging just you know
from my room because the classes remain
digital um so i'm staying home and i'm
gonna do the semester from here
but yeah thank you so much for watching
this video i hope you enjoyed it
and see you next week have a nice day
bye
[Music]
you